{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf824\cocoasubrtf110
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10420\viewh9460\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 PowerBook video out.\
Paper towels.\
Bottles (water).\
Yeast.\
Flour.\
Trash bag.\
Some sort of bowl.\
\
"Get in a line." \
"Please close your eyes for the remainder of this presentation."\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
Set up tarps.\
\
Guide them in.\
Start yeast. [In a bottle of water.]\
\
"Please be seated."\
"You should now be in a group of two or three."\
\
Add flour.\
\
"Now reach forward and examine the substance in front of you."\
"Feel the texture."\
"Make a communal mound in front of you."\
\
"Now that you've created a mound, we will add another substance to this creation."\
\
Add water.\
\
"Be careful; this part may be a little messy."\
"Now feel your new mound. Play with it. Become familiar with it."\
"The next addition you should be able to smell. Can you smell it? Let us add it."\
\
Add yeast.\
\
Dough.\
\
"Do you know what you have on your hands?"\
"Now, knead. Play, again."\
"Be sure to pound it against the ground, feel and hear the impact."\
\
Cleanup. (Damp paper towels.)\
\
"Hold out your hands. Cleanse yourself."\
\
Replace dough with bread.\
\
"You may now open your eyes."\
\
Eat.\
\
"Now open your eyes. Break bread with your groups, your friends, your classmates."}